>> Steve Kinney: And
we wanna round back to that comment that
I said in the Jetsetter application
that we made an action for
updating that new item input field.
And it does raise a question of what
goes in redux state versus what goes in
react state.
And there's a really great
Medium article by Dan Amiroff,
the creator of Redux,
called You Might Not Need Redux.
Right, and we've talked about this before,
there are a lot of benefits from being
able to kind of side load state into
components without having to deal
with the component hierarchy.
But there are trade offs.
And, depending on your application,
that cost benefit analysis is different.
And you don't necessarily need to
use one approach everywhere, right?
With different kinds of state you
might want to different approaches and
you can mix and match them, right?
And so
this is just bigger to make a point.
So we ask ourselves the question of
should we put stuff in the Redux store?
And the answer, like most things,
is that it depends.
It's a trade off and
what is a big trade off is indirection.
If you think about the new item component,
when we first created it,
when we built Jetsetter,
which basic state, everything that we
needed was effectively in this component.
I mean all it needed was what to
do when the submit button was hit.
Should we break it out into Redux?
Well, we'll have the new item
presentational component,
then we'll wrap that map states
[INAUDIBLE] dispatch the props, and
that'll be in the new item container file.
The actions will live in the new
item actions, and the reducer for
that will be in the items reducer, right?
Or the new items text reducer,
something along those lines, right?
And so yes, we've broken it out.
Now, we can side load the state and do
effectively one component [LAUGH] right?
So you have to make the choice if this
is a good trade off for you, right?
Cuz at the end of the day, while
this.setState() does have limitations that
we felt very early in this course,
it also has some advantages, right?
It is [LAUGH] effectively
simpler to reason about and
you get to mix and match these
approaches based on the kind of state.
When we think about state is
there’s only one kind of state.
We end up making poor choices.
We’re better off thinking about what
are the different kinds of state in my
application and how do I want to
manage those different kinds of state?
You can manage them differently
depending on what they are.
So, again, in this case the new item
input, we're doing it just to show and
to kind of demonstrate, but
I'd probably keep this in set state.